Fixes #4691 - Updates  + 10 more (#8099)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PSModulePath.md

with the **FullyQualifiedName** parameter. For more information, see
[Import-Module](xref:Microsoft.PowerShell.Core.Import-Module).

## Modifying PSModulePath

> To change the default module directories for the current session, use the
> following command format to change the value of the `PSModulePath` environment
> variable.
> 
> For example, to add the `C:\Program Files\Fabrikam\Modules` directory to the
> value of the PSModulePath environment variable, type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most situations, you should be installing modules in the default module locations. However, you may have a need to change the value of the `PSModulePath` environment variable. 

For example, to temporarily add the `C:\Program Files\Fabrikam\Modules` directory to `$env:PSModulePath` for the current session, type:
```
